Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Now I've added a little bit more codes populate a four and a five,
which are just here.
So we now have the top performing sales person Waas and we can see here it was Dustin G.
Now you may recall a little earlier on when we were doing these particular pivot tables,
I said,
it's going to come in very useful when we saw the data.
Now because we hard coded that we're pasting this table at 8 23 Once we perform the source
automatically,
the cell immediately below is going to give us our top performing sales guy,
which were then used by saying Range A 24 here.
It's always going to be in range a 24 and consequently,
because we sorted the data,
the top profit is going to be on the cell immediately over so we can hard code B 24 on
similarly,
with this range for the category,
because we hard coded that we were going to paste a d 23.
Obviously,
no,
we've sorted it.
The best performing category is going to be one cell below.
So we've said d 24 on,
then the highest profit for that category is gonna live it e 24.
Now we have a boat load of more code below this.
But what we really want to do is find out what out of all of that is the actual key piece
of code that we need to make certain parts of this string bold.
So just to simplify it record new macro doesn't matter what's going to be called on notice
.
What's happening here?
I'm going to go over from the 1st 2nd 3rd 4th to the fifth character.
I'm gonna highlight the word total,
and I am gonna make it bold.
So there you go.
I'm gonna click off and I'm gonna stop recording on.
I am going to come here,
go to view on.
I'm going to get to Project Explorer and have a look at the code that's been generated.
So there you go.
Just for making the world total profit we've generated.
I don't know how many lines of code quite a lot.
So we knew that the first thing is active Cell Formula One.
The profit for January blab,
blab,
blab that's just filling in what the cell is going to say Now remember what we did.
We went over five cells on before five.
Sorry.
We went over five characters on 45 characters.
We changed the fund too bold.
So here we have an active cell.
Dark characters start one length of four phones equals regular.
All that means is we didn't change the 1st 4 characters that can go.
And here we get down to the interest in parts.
We have active cell dark characters Start position five,
Which is exactly what we didn't for a length of five characters change the fund to bold,
and that is exactly what we did on the rest of it.
From 10 through 2 60 which I'm gathering is the length of that string.
The phones is regular,
and then I clicked off.
So the key piece of code that we are looking for is this.
So let me just copy that,
come back to our original code,
and we're going to be playing with a three first.
So I'm just gonna give us a few lines of space here.
I'm gonna pace that in now,
as you'll remember with the with end withs.
There's a lot of redundant code in here.
What we actually did was we changed the funds style.
So I'm just gonna copy that.
I'm gonna come to the end and I'm gonna pay sitting here because what we actually want to
do delete all of that and delete all of X.
We didn't change anything else.
What we want to do with range A three.
We don't need to say active cell with range A three.
We want the characters to begin.
It won ever they start Point of this particular string is for a length of off.
Whatever this particular string is,
make the Funt property on the font style of that property to bold.
So there are two things that we need to know.
What is the start position of our text?
And if we have look at our example Text.
The 1st 1 was month.
So we need to know at what point in that string does the word month appear on.
We also need to know how long is the word month or year,
all this value.
And we're gonna do that by using a V,
be a function called in string.
And it's going to be much simpler if we explain this in isolation.
So in the next lecture,
we're going to cover the in string function of VB A.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.